Pride and Prejudice#Jane Austen #January 28, 1813 # Novel, Fiction, Satire, Romance novel, Novel of manners # ?It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife.? So begins Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen?s witty comedy of manners?one of the most popular novels of all time that features splendidly civilized sparring between the proud Mr. Darcy and the prejudiced Elizabeth Bennet as they play out their spirited courtship in a series of eighteenth-century drawing-room intrigues.Renowned literary critic and historian George Saintsbury in 1894 declared it the ?most perfect, the most characteristic, the most eminently quintessential of its author?s works,? and Eudora Welty in the twentieth century described it as ?irresistible and as nearly flawless as any fiction could be.# It is a satisfying love story, if that?s what you?re after, but it?s also much more than that."The characters are great?even the ones whose personalities I can?t stand?and the book really has a lot to say about people?s pride, vanity and prejudices in general."- Heather #PridePrejudice.jpg#Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.pdf#
Fifty Shades of Grey# E.L.James# 20 June 2011 #Erotic romance# When literature student Anastasia Steele goes to interview young entrepreneur Christian Grey she encounters a man who is beautiful, brilliant,and intimidating. The unworldly, innocent Ana is startled to realize she wants this man and,despite his enigmatic reserve, finds she is desperate to get close to him. Unable to resist Ana?s quiet beauty, wit, and independent spirit, Grey admits he wants her, too?but on his own terms.Shocked yet thrilled by Grey?s singular erotic tastes, Ana hesitates. For all the trappings of success?his multinational businesses, his vast wealth, his loving family?Grey is a man tormented by demons and consumed by the need to control. When the couple embarks on a daring, passionately physical affair, Ana discovers Christian Grey?s secrets and explores her own dark desires. Erotic, amusing, and deeply moving, the Fifty Shades Trilogy is a tale that will obsess you, possess you, and stay with you forever.#?Phenomenal Book! Incredibly descriptive and released an emotional floodgate.? ?Bilal, Age 17#FiftyShadesofGrey.jpg#Fifty Shades of Grey.pdf#
Jane Eyre# Charlotte Bronte# October 16th 1847# Literature# Orphaned into the household of her Aunt Reed at Gateshead and subject to the cruel regime at Lowood charity school, Jane Eyre nonetheless emerges unbroken in spirit and integrity. She takes up the post of governess at Thornfield, falls in love with Mr. Rochester, and discovers the impediment to their lawful marriage in a story that transcends melodrama to portray a woman's passionate search for a wider and richer life than Victorian society traditionally allowed. With a heroine full of yearning, the dangerous secrets she encounters, and the choices she finally makes, Charlotte Bronte's innovative and enduring romantic novel continues to engage and provoke readers.# "Charlotte Bronte's classic romantic novel is simply one of the greatest works of English fiction." - Barbara#JaneEyre.jpg#Jane Eyre.pdf#
David Copperfield# Charles Dickens# 1850#Classics#David Copperfield is the story of a young man?s adventures on his journey from an unhappy & impoverished childhood to the discovery of his vocation as a successful novelist. Among the gloriously vivid cast of characters he encounters are his tyrannical stepfather, Mr Murdstone; his formidable aunt, Betsey Trotwood; the eternally humble yet treacherous Uriah Heep; frivolous, enchanting Dora; & the magnificently impecunious Micawber, one of literature?s great comic creations.In David Copperfield?the novelhe described as his ?favorite child??Dickens drew revealingly on his own experiences to create one of his most exuberant & enduringly popular works, filled with tragedy & comedy in equal measure.# "Charles Dickens can do no wrong, except perhaps keep around 100 pages of rather irrelevant tangents in this book." -Woolfardis#DavidCopperfield.jpg#David Copperfield.pdf#
Catcher in the Rye# J.D. Salinger#January 30th 2001# Classics# The hero-narrator of The Catcher in the Rye is an ancient child of sixteen, a native New Yorker named Holden Caulfield. Through circumstances that tend to preclude adult, secondhand description, he leaves his prep school in Pennsylvania and goes underground in New York City for three days. The boy himself is at once too simple and too complex for us to make any final comment about him or his story. Perhaps the safest thing we can say about Holden is that he was born in the world not just strongly attracted to beauty but, almost, hopelessly impaled on it. There are many voices in this novel: children's voices, adult voices, underground voices-but Holden's voice is the most eloquent of all. Transcending his own vernacular, yet remaining marvelously faithful to it, he issues a perfectly articulated cry of mixed pain and pleasure. However, like most lovers and clowns and poets of the higher orders, he keeps most of the pain to, and for, himself. The pleasure he gives away, or sets aside, with all his heart. It is there for the reader who can handle it to keep. J.D. Salinger's classic novel of teenage angst and rebellion was first published in 1951. The novel was included on Time's 2005 list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923. It was named by Modern Library and its readers as one of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. It has been frequently challenged in the court for its liberal use of profanity and portrayal of sexuality and in the 1950's and 60's it was the novel that every teenage boy wants to read. #"For U.S. readers, the prize catch in The Catcher in the Rye may well be Novelist Salinger himself. He can understand an adolescent mind without displaying one." - Time #CatcherInTheRye.jpg#Catcher In The Rye.pdf#
Calvin and Hobbes# Bill Watterson, G.B. Trudeau# 1987 # Comic# This is the first collection of the popular comic strip that features Calvin, a rambunctious 6-year-old boy, and his stuffed tiger, Hobbes, who comes charmingly to life.#"I've read the entire thing a few pages at a time over the course of a some months and I was sad to come to the last wonderfully bound hard cover."-Mark#CalvinAndHobbes.jpg#Calvin and Hobbes.pdf#
Clockwork Angel#Cassandra Clare #August 31st 2010 # Fantasy # In a time when Shadowhunters are barely winning the fight against the forces of darkness, one battle will change the course of history forever. Welcome to the Infernal Devices trilogy, a stunning and dangerous prequel to the New York Times bestselling Mortal Instruments series.The year is 1878. Tessa Gray descends into London?s dark supernatural underworld in search of her missing brother. She soon discovers that her only allies are the demon-slaying Shadowhunters?including Will and Jem, the mysterious boys she is attracted to. Soon they find themselves up against the Pandemonium Club, a secret organization of vampires, demons, warlocks, and humans. Equipped with a magical army of unstoppable clockwork creatures, the Club is out to rule the British Empire, and only Tessa and her allies can stop them...#"The world building and the characters and the story are all fantastic and woven together SO well, and the ending was brilliant, full of action and surprises!"-Kat#ClockworkAngel.jpg#Clockwork Angel.pdf#
The Fault in Our Stars# John Green# January 10th 2012 # Young Adult#""I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, then all at once." Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a gorgeous plot twist named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten.Insightful, bold, irreverent, and raw, The Fault in Our Stars is award-winning author John Green's most ambitious and heartbreaking work yet, brilliantly exploring the funny, thrilling, and tragic business of being alive and in love.#While "The Fault in Our Stars" isn't a word-for-word translation (nor should it be), it's an adaptation that does Green, Hazel, and Augustus justice." - Sandie#FaultInOurStars.jpg#The Fault in Our Stars.pdf#
hamlet#shakespeare# # # # #something.jpg#null#
